hi I'm Michael josh from rappler.com and
this is our first look at the star
mobile icon if you take a look at this
phone especially the back of the phone
then it looks pretty familiar if you are
a tech wrap viewer than you probably can
recall our star mobile flirt feature and
this pretty much reminds us of the star
mobile flick but unlike the flirt it's a
quad-core smartphone one of four new
quad core smart phones at starmobile is
releasing in the month months of june
and july 2013 this phone comes with a
4.5 inch display let's take a look at
over here something I want to point out
to you as you can see it's a this comes
in black of course the phone also comes
in in white like a lot of star mobile
phones that I do but as you can see the
logo is red if you buy a star mobile
smartphone and you see that red logo
that means it's a quad-core smartphone
on the back you have an 8 megapixel
camera with the backside illumination
technology that's BS I and autofocus in
front you have a 5 megapixel camera also
with autofocus let's take a look at the
button arrangement of this phone you
have on the left side also very similar
to the star mobile flirt you have the
volume rocker over here on top you have
the power button or the on/off button
there you go and then you have no
buttons on the right side of the device
and on the bottom of the device you have
the micro USB port and the part for the
microphone that microphone hole over
there now let me just again like most
smart most our mobile phones you can pop
off this a rubber back and I'll you what
I really like about this phone and we
also fell in love with the star mobile
flirt was the rubber back this phone
feels the same way and it sits and it
gives you lets you grip the phone and it
feels secure not the type of phone which
would all slip through your hands when
you get a little bit oily inside you can
see that this phone comes with a 1800
ampere battery and while it does look
like it only has one once sim card slot
that's actually two sim card slots so
they're actually just one on top of each
other so you do have provisions for two
standard size sins and over here is the
provision for the optional memory card s
micro SD card slot for upgradable memory
let's take a look at the phone I know
that's what you really want to see so
let me open the phone again very similar
to the star mobile flirt it really looks
like pretty much that while there is a
little bit of customization going on
it's pretty much look look it pretty
much looks and feels like it's running
vanilla Android which is a great thing
we love vanilla Android and you can see
as a quad-core phone it is snappy again
this unit hasn't come out yet in the
market and unlike what we do on our
hands on videos we're not going to run
any of the apps yet but I want to show
you the settings just to show you that
it runs on about ok ok so just let me
just show you the settings panel about
this phone about icon it runs Android
version 4.1 point2 jelly bean one
feature of this film that I really want
to point out is the camera and like I
told you earlier as I mentioned earlier
they have starmobile has been adding
some of its own customizations take a
look at that circle over here often
times when you have a camera app you'd
probably have buttons over here and
where you could dig down to the menu
into the different features of the
camera now it's on the screen itself
which is actually very hand because your
finger doesn't really have to go
anywhere so I'm just going to for the
sake of this demo use this finger I
probably would use my thumb but anyway
use this finger and as you can see if
you hold down on the camera you can
actually access some of the camera
settings so if I scrub upward I can turn
on the flash or turn it off over here I
can change the auto white balance it can
be on to cloudy
or the tungsten or to sunny and then
exposure compensation is over here we
scrub downward from plus 2 all the way
to negative 2 so all you have to do is
just really hold on here and you can
also use it use that to turn the camera
around there you go so that's that's an
interesting feature of this phone to
turn it back around and then of course
just to take a shot you just press that
blue button over there to take a photo
so that's one of the new and interesting
customizations that starmobile has put
in to the icon and one last thing I want
to talk about is this the screen on this
device them the icon has a 4.5 inch qhd
display it's made of a dragon trail
glass and as you've seen in our previous
tests this is pretty much scratch
resistant I won't scratch it today I
won't give you a scratch test today but
this should survive keys we've in the
past we've tested with a knife and
scissors and it is a resilient display
the icon is going to be on sale to going
to go on sale at the end of the month or
the end of June and should retail for
somewhere under 10,000 bezels